doing nice work
[Music]
we try and do as much possible
enrichment you know that we can and I
mean this is something they love they
all seem to love this and just to give
them something to do because they're not
in the forest and obviously in the
forest they'd be going around all day
looking for food playing resting but
there'd be busy all day and here they're
not busy all day because they're not
moving around so much and exploring the
forest enrichment is is really important
for building motor skills developmental
skills social skills you know sometimes
they can get jealous over over something
in the water and then they have to learn
how to figure that out
[Music]
yeah it's very clean it's very clean now
doing nice work good job
[Music]
you